In the first row, we have the c
function which stands for concatenate.
What it does, it takes its argument,
in this case 4,3,3,4,3,1 and
creates a vector of values 4,3,3,4,3,1
and assign it to the variable x.
In the second row,
we wish to get the length of a vector or
an array using the length function.
Since the vector has six values,
the outcome of the command would be six.
The third row shows an example
where we create the vector of
logical variables of length 4.
We see here that the vector is
assigned false default value
to all the logical variables in it.
And that is because false is
the default value of the logical type.
In the last example,
we create a numeric vector of length 3.
The outcome is 0,
0, 0 again, because the default
value of the numeric type is 0.